# Nuclear
EIGWM
well. It's unique and is great at making the player take risks and make choices to beat the timer. For example, making the choice to spend money on the efficiency of the reactor and turbine or on safety and disaster precautions. Both are needed but you can only get one now and the other later. Great game and love the Developer, keep making awesome games!

The game is very fun but I would like it even more if the free play was free and you don't have to finish every level to unlock free play. The game would also be very fun if you could buy new modes and buy to skip a level. I would like there to be more than just one reactor to operate on. To me this is a three star game. Edit: The game is very fun and good, the levels are not as hard once you get the controls down, Chernobyl is the easiest for me. Upgrade to 4 star's.

It is a fun game that gives you a slight taste of operating a reactor. More seasons would be cool. Different reactor designs would be cool as well. Increased variety of reactivity manipulations would be fun. Going prompt critical would be sweet. All in all I enjoyed it. The English is a little broken, but doesn't prevent understanding or affect anything seriously. Level 14 proved challenging, but I got it eventually. Good job.

Overall a very fun and challenging game. Its hard the first time you try a level but once you figure it out is pretty straightforward. It also seems to be a small insight on what running an actual reactor would feel like. It definitely could use more things to do after you complete it like more levels or just challenges. But otherwise its a good game.

Nuclear Power Reactor inc – in Coupon Codes
Nuclear Power Reactor inc – in Wiki
Hardcore Offline energy miner, beware fallout in this idle tycoon nukemap game Bug fixed

   
Newly Updated Code:
OurBus: Bus booking Online

Coupons - September 3, 2017

OurBus offers easy and convenient bus booking online, making travel simpler than ever before. With a wide range of routes and destinations, you...
Cradle of Empire: Build a city

Codes - September 11, 2017

Cradle of Empire is an exciting mobile game that allows you to build and expand your own city from scratch. With vibrant graphics...
Real Car Driving Simulator 3d

VIP - September 1, 2017

Real Car Driving Simulator 3D takes virtual driving to the next level. With stunning graphics and realistic gameplay, this game offers an immersive...
Radiation Runner

Codes - September 6, 2017

Radiation Runner is an intense and addictive endless runner game that challenges players to navigate through a post-apocalyptic world filled with radioactive hazards....
Multi Robot Games – Robot Wars

VIP - September 22, 2017

Multi Robot Games, such as Robot Wars, have gained immense popularity in recent years. These games bring together teams of skilled engineers and...
